Pisces is a water sign and the last sign in the Zodiac. The Pisces woman is a very well-developed and mature person. Her most powerful and important asset is her sea of emotions. She is a very emotional person and this enables her to understand other people's problems. She is also a dreamer who wants to escape the harsh realities of life by imagining wonderful things.

Positive traits of the Pisces Woman:
She is driven by emotions and thus loves to help others. She is considerate towards other people's difficulties and wants to help them out in whatever way she can.

In Friendship:
As she loves to offer support to everyone who is in need, her friends greatly rely on her if they are in trouble. She proves to be a true friend and is always there for her friends when they need her.

In Love:
The Pisces woman is the ultimate in romance. She can easily attract any man she wants as she is very feminine and loving. Once in a relationship, she will sacrifice anything for her man.

At Work:
She is well-adjusted in jobs that offer her enough freedom. She likes to imagine a lot and hence, professions that offer her creativity as well as a chance to imagine are suitable for her.

Negative traits of the Pisces woman:
The Pisces woman can sometimes be very sensitive to others problems and suffer with them. She is also indecisive, escapist and dreamy.

In Friendship:
Her nature to help others out turns out to be harmful for herself. She delves so much deep into her friends' problems that she loses her own identity in the process.

In Love:
Though she is very loving and is all that a man wants from a woman in a relationship, the Pisces woman can be very insecure in a relationship. She wants her partner to be there for her in almost every situation.

At Work:
Due to her indecisiveness, she becomes a slow person at work. She can't take decisions quickly enough and this can be a drawback for her. Her escapist nature may also affect her work.

These are some of the interesting traits of the Pisces woman.
