Scorpio is the 8th sign in the Zodiac and is ruled by Pluto. It is a fixed, water sign and this makes the Scorpio woman deep, secretive as well as emotional. The words 'mystery' and 'suspense' are perfect definitions of the Scorpio woman at first glance. Although, there's much more to her personality than what meets the eye. If she wants, she can be a bundle of surprises for many.

Positive traits of the Scorpio woman:
She is independent, successful and very ambitious. She almost always completes whatever goals she plans to reach.

In Friendship:
She is a very helpful and loyal friend. If her friends are in some trouble, she can help them with her resourcefulness. She is also clever enough to solve her friends' problems if need be.

In Love:
She is extremely passionate and loyal in her relationship and once committed she will do anything to protect and nurture it. She can get any man whom she loves as she is very attractive.

At Work:
She is very ambitious and also a hardworking person. Nothing can stop her from achieving what she wants in her life. This makes her a very efficient worker too.

Negative traits of the Scorpio woman:
The Scorpio woman is jealous, possessive, secretive and revengeful. She can also be suspicious and stubborn as she is determined to get what she wants.

In Friendship:
If someone hurts or betrays the Scorpio woman, it will spell disaster for that person. She will never forget an insult or hurt caused to her. This will cause a bitter split in the friendship as she may forgive but will she never forget.

In Love:
She can be very jealous as well as possessive in her relationship. She will go to any extent to take revenge if she has been betrayed. If her partner has aroused her suspicions, she will get to the bottom to find out the truth.

At Work:
Her stubborn nature can bring about discrepancies in her work as she will not listen to others' opinions. She also has a tendency to exploit others and use it for her own good.

In conclusion, the Scorpio woman is loyal, emotional, jealous and secretive.
