1. Dependable
You are quite dependable by nature and can be of real help to those who need you. Even your friends find you very reliable and that's why they come to you for assistance, when they are in some trouble. Thus, you are always there to help your friends and loved ones.

2. Possessive
You also tend to be possessive in your behavior when it comes to your relationships or friendships. You prefer to hold on to those people who are near and dear to you. You are very careful and protective about your friends and lover.

3. Love nature
You are a great nature lover and find yourself very content in being amid nature's beauty. You also love to travel and going outdoors, to far and distant places.

4. Peaceful
You like to live a peaceful life and are much inclined towards a calm, composed and quiet life. You don't like to create unnecessary noise or commotion. You also tend to like people who live peaceful lives.

5. Like comfort in life
You tend to live life in a very comfortable manner. You don't want any troubles or tensions in your life. Hence, you prefer a life that is full of leisure and comfort for you.

6. Patient
You like to do things at your pace. If there is some task ahead of you, you will take your time and complete it. You are not the type to rush into anything just to get done with it. You are quite patient and take things slowly, one at a time.

7. Hardworking
Although you like a life of comfort and leisure, it doesn't mean that you don't want to work hard for it. In fact, you are just the opposite. You want to earn your comfort and thus are very hardworking in nature.

8. Don't like to fight
As mentioned earlier, you like to live a peaceful life. So it's obvious that you don't like fights and quarrels and arguments, nor do you like those people who indulge in the same. You prefer to stay away from such people.

9. Creative
You also tend to have a creative bent of mind. You like all things to be elegant and stylish in your life. This proves the fact that you have a strong esthetic sense.\n\n
