1. Hygienic
It's quite apt to call you a slave of hygiene. This is because you love to stay clean and also keep your surroundings clean. If there's a speck of dust, you will be the first one to notice it. You don't like shabbiness and sloppiness at all.

2. Like to eat healthy
You always prefer to eat healthy, being the cleanliness freak that you are. You will be the last person on earth to be caught eating junk food or unhealthy food. You take great care of your diet and see to it that you always consume nutritious and rich food.

3. Shy
You are also quite shy in nature and don't much talk with others. You like to remain confined in your own small world. Your friends may also describe you as being reserved and not too talkative.

4. Punctual
You are very punctual in nature and like others to be on time too. There won't be a meeting or a function where you will be late. However, you won't like it if others are late too.

5. Practical
You are very practical and logical in nature. You tend to do things by thinking and taking into account the reality of the situation in front of you. You can't just take decisions in a whimsical manner. You tend to have a practical approach to most things in life.

6. Tend to criticize
You also tend to criticize people quite often. Being the perfectionist that you are, you need to see everything done in an impeccable way. If you see any glitch in work, you will immediately reprimand the person responsible for it. This remains true in your personal as well as professional life.

7. Efficient
When you undertake any work in your hand, you do it very efficiently. You will not resort to any wrong means or improper ways to finish your work. Whatever work is given to you, you do it properly and perfectly.

8. Worrisome
Your nature is such that you don't like any work to be unfinished or done shabbily. Though if it is, you worry a lot about it until it's done according to your standards.

9. Affectionate
You are also very affectionate and caring in your relationship. You know how to take care of your partner and understand them quite well. You will see to it that all their needs are met.
