An Aquarius man portrays qualities of symbol he is represented with - water. This makes him very easy going, calm and composed for most part of the day. He is rarely seen agitated and angry unless provoked.

Positive traits of an Aquarius Man:\nLogical:\nAn Aquarius man finds excitement in logic. He is amused by puzzles, riddles, random sayings etc. Trivia, debates and complicated books are some other means of thrill to the Aquarian male. They also show case creativity and wit, which is not a rare combination but is certainly an added bonus.

Brave:\nDespite his introvert character, the Aquarius man readily takes up any challenges that come his way. He considers himself as a string team player and portrays immense discipline in order to bring out the best in him as well as the team. An Aquarius man can be quite deceptive in terms of his true characteristics. He may appear calm but can be the exact opposite when provoked.

Flirtatious:
An Aquarius man likes his women to be strong, mentally and physically. He likes the woman to take charge and have an opinion of her own. Usually, he takes quite some time to get into a relationship. But once he finds his true partner, he sticks with her for eternity.

Negative characteristics of an Aquarius Man:\nMoody:
The Aquarius man can be very moody and unstable in his thoughts which in turn affect his decision making abilities. He is shifty in his mindset and is very unpredictable by nature which makes it difficult of other to gauge his reactions, judge him and keep up with him. This nature can be a cause of concern for a large part of his life.

Idealists:
\nAquarius males are idealistic in nature and cannot witness discrimination in social or formal settings. They tend to make mountains of molehills and cause a stir on hollow cases for the sake of it. When in such a mood, one cannot stand the Aquarius male who portrays such a behaviour thus hampering his ability to maintain a well networked social circle.

Unromantic:
The Aquarius male can often be misunderstood as unromantic and carefree as they do not always display their affection towards their partner. Remembering birthdays and anniversaries, buying flowers or any other display of affection does not come naturally to the Aquarius man.
