A Sagittarius individual is born between November 22 - December 21. They are represented by the Archer in the zodiac calendar and are often known for their honesty and brutal attitude.

Positive traits of the Sagittarius Man:
Out-going:
A Sagittarius man is the center of attraction at any party. He may make an effort to get there or may be in the limelight without intending to do so. People will be happy to be around him and will find him to be charming and intelligent with his words. He will have the power to turn the tables on his side, with his extensive vocabulary and his wit.

Intelligent:
Another typical characteristic of a Sagittarius man is his intelligence. Rarely would you ever find a Sagittarius man who will not have the answer to your questions. Whether academically or otherwise, you will always notice a well versed Sagittarian in your social circle.

Honest:
One characteristic that is synonymous with a Sagittarius man is his honesty and his penchant for calling a spade a spade. He will not lie to you, certainly not to your face, not in front of you nor behind your back. He will tell you that you look beautiful only if you actually do and will alert you when you have too much foundation on your face. If you are a woman who likes to be lied to, stay away from a Sagittarius man.

Negative characteristics of the Sagittarius Man:
Moody:
You will be surprised to see that a man who can be well-read, smartly dressed and the life of a party become almost invisible to everyone around when he is depressed. Try and get through to a depressed Sagittarius man and you will feel like you are pushing against a dead wall. He will not budge, not relent and will be mum about almost all the problems in his life. But if you are one of the close few who he trusts, you will be lucky to share his sorrows with him. If he depends on you and takes your help, you can be assured that for the rest of his life, he will be indebted to you.

Uninterested:
Generally, you won't ever find a Sagittarius man who is uninterested in what you have to say. Even if he is being tortured inside by the words you speak, he will display a calm and composed exterior that will trick you into believing that he loves what you are saying. However, there are certain times that you will find the Sagittarius man to be completely uninterested in what you do or say. This is the time when he is watching TV, talking to his friends about the game and enjoying his alone time.

Though the Sagittarius man has his flaws, he is also a great partner to be with. Unless you don't experiment a little, you won't ever know what you miss.
