The characteristics imbibed by a Scorpio man are like none other. Many a times it so happens that some of the characteristics observed in people born under different zodiac signs overlap a bit but a Scorpio man is totally unique in his nature.

Positive traits of the Scorpio Man:
The dominant part of his personality and life is ruled by passion. Passion towards life, love, work etc is the driving force behind many of his actions. It is also passion which compels him to make decisions which might even go against any logical explanation. Due to the strong hold of enthusiasm, almost every portion of his existence is in some way affected by it. Love life and relationships are no exceptions. A Scorpio man has to feel a burst of passion driven by other emotions towards a girl or he will definitely lose interest. A Scorpio man does not believe in small talk and being patient, for his instincts tell him when he's genuinely attracted to a girl.

Many women find this passion attractive in the Scorpio man as well but one has to understand that this passion is a double edged sword. He might be a passionate lover but this also ends up resulting in jealousy, obsessions etc. This is because both the positive and negative emotions are ruled by passion and hence the reactions and actions both tend to be a bit extreme. Some of these negative traits are further strengthened by a stubborn attitude. It is extremely hard and nearly impossible for a Scorpio man to think that he might actually be wrong. Thus some of these facets of personality will require a lot of patience from their respective partners.

In fact if a woman wants to be in a relationship with a Scorpio man then she will have to be patient with a lot of things. These are some of the negative aspects but it is well known that Scorpio men make great friends. If they truly trust someone then they will stand by their friends no matter what the consequences.

Another thing to be kept in mind about a Scorpio man is that he likes to be in a dominant and controlling position no matter the set up he is in. This means that he likes to be the boss at the office as well as in the house also. This might not be such a bad thing as this need to be dominant also pushes Scorpio men to try and excel in all the activities they indulge in. It also makes them highly competitive humans with a winning streak. This also pushes him to brush certain things under the rug that are affecting him in a way that might weaken his chances of winning. This is also because it is nearly impossible for a Scorpio man to think about giving up on anything he is totally focused about. Depending on the situation this quality could be a good thing or a bad thing as well.
