Taurus is the second Zodiac sign of the astrological calendar. It is considered to be an earth sign.There are peculiar and prominent qualities in a Taurus man.

Positive traits of a Taurus Man:
Prominent positive qualities:
A Taurus male is patient, reliable, loving and determined. He is one of the best partners a woman can have. He values loyalty and thus, is very loyal and considerate towards his close ones be it in friendship, business or love

In Friendship:
A Taurus man is a very faithful friend. He will go out of his way to see his close friends happy. He will make sure that he fulfills his promises made to his friends and makes a reliable friend. He likes to enjoy with his friends but mostly in the confines of his home.

In Love:
He is very loyal and committed to his partner. He will never cheat his partner. A Taurus male will treat his partner like a princess and will do anything to keep her happy.

At Work:
A Taurus male is a well organized worker. He will make sure everything that is assigned to him is complete. He will never use shortcuts to get things done. He is a born hard-worker and this quality is appreciated by his seniors.

Negative characteristics of a Taurus Man:
Prominent negative qualities:
A Taurus man is jealous, possessive, inflexible, greedy and self-indulgent.

In Friendship:
He is one of the most loyal friends. But when it comes to changing certain plans, like last minute change of venue to meet, he is the first one to get annoyed. He might be a little boring at times and stringent many times.

In Love:
A Taurus male has a negative quality of jealousy. He may get jealous even if his partner praises another man. This can lead to strains in the relationship.

At Work:
A Taurus male does not like interference in his work. Thus, he is not all that great working in a team. He can also go to any extent to get his work done. This means he can use negative ways to get his work completed.

Overall, Taurus man is loving, caring person but, also jealous and possessive.
