A virgo individual is one who is born during August 23rd and September 22nd. Typically, a virgo man can be characterized as a humble, simple man who believes in quality over quantity. He is unpretentious and an introvert and can do little in emotional circumstances where he is required to think with his heart rather than his brain.

Positive traits of the Virgo Man:
Punctuality:
Virgo men like to be punctual to their meetings and other important events, a quality which they expect others around them to follow. You wouldn't want to argue with a Virgo man about discipline and manners because he will be prim and proper at all times.

Practical:
You wouldn't see a virgo man day dream and stare into an empty space painting a picture of his ideal future in his mind. It is rare to see a Virgo man who is not hardworking and diligent and one who will do nothing to achieve his dreams.

Reliable:
You want a reliable and trustworthy friend; look no further than a Virgo man. Of course, you can't go around asking a man his sun sign before befriending him but if you do have a Virgo man in your social circle, observe that he will be the one many people fall back on for advice and in times of trouble.

Negative characteristics of the Virgo Man:
Inflexible:
Don't expect a Virgo man to change his ways rather easily. He is one of the few who does not like change and will not accept a new idea readily. Be it at work or at play, a virgo man will not want to incorporate change very easily in his life. His inflexible approach may cause him more harm than good but then again, there is nothing that he can do about it.

Inexpressive:
If you want your Virgo man to tell you that he loves you and that he would run to the moon and back for you, you're out of luck. Expressing emotions is not what a Virgo man is good at and since it is a trait that is found in him from his birth, you can't really hope for him to change and become expressive.

Interfering:
Not so much as a gossip queen, but a Virgo man does interfere in other's lives to the extent that makes them feel uncomfortable. Should he be told that this interference should stop? Maybe. But you never know how he will react to that complaint. He may take it in stride or he may shrug it off as a joke and continue his interfering as if nothing happened.
